Sep 22, 2015
i apply it by university recruiting, on Feb. and pass an on campus interview. they ask me to talk about my past projects. in the onsite interview, tech questions include reverse liked list, inorder traverse of a tree without recursive, remove duplicate in array, and sort algorothm
Sep 29, 2015
Applied online for a few positions. Didn't hear back for 3 weeks, then received an email from recruiter telling that there will be a hiring event and I should apply for another position for a cloud team (the position wasn't exactly for my profile to be frank) and register for event. I did that, and received a link for online tech screen. Recruiter was supposed to have a chat with me before that, but he never called on the scheduled time, and didn't even bother to follow up. So I took the test without instructions, it was pretty easy one, I was able to finish in half time. Then I sent email to recruiter asking if he can follow up and he said that his calendar was broken (that's weird, Microsoft can't provide reliable calendars, was it Outlook calendar). Then I received the automated reply saying that I didn't pass the tech screen which is just weird. It's the last time I'm dealing with microsoft. Better spend more time and prepare for Google, at least they are professional and organized and treat candidates with respect.
Oct 16, 2015
I send my resume to Microsoft on school career fair, and received email 3 weeks later. And the interview was held on campus. I was first asked one behaviour question then a question about binary tree. I spent some time finding the idea to solve the problem and then asked to write code on a blank sheet.
Oct 22, 2015
Gave resume to recruiters on campus and after 2weeks heard back from them and they scheduled on campus(university) interview. After that I went to redmond and had four on site interviews in one day.
Oct 18, 2015
I went for an initial screening interview on campus. The interviewer was very nice and enthusiastic and made me feel at ease. I was asked to write my code on a piece of paper because there were no whiteboards in the room. Questions were average difficulty. Very enjoyable process largely thanks to the enthusiasm of the interviewer.
Sep 28, 2015
On campus -> after two weeks->Phone interview-> told me to wait one or two weeks to get the response. Still waiting....
Oct 15, 2015
One screening call, then flew out to Redmond for on site. The interview day comprised of 4 interviews in the afternoon after a large group lunch. Was asked a number of questions about code optimization, array manipulation, some SQL stuff, and then design patterns.
Oct 15, 2015
I received an email to interview with Microsoft on our college campus. The woman was very friendly and began with some general questions about my technical background. We then discussed a technical question and then ended with any questions that I may have for her.
Sep 25, 2015
I had an interview on campus in Fall 2014 for an internship, but they emailed me back and told me that while the interview went well, they didn't have any positions available at the time. I thought it was just a really nice way of saying "thanks, but no thanks." Fast forward to Fall 2015, when my recruiter emailed me and asked me if I would like to go to Redmond for interviews since the on campus interview went well last year. I went, and I must say that I was very impressed with Microsoft. They drove us potential University Recruits to their campus in a Limo! The interview process was four 45-minute interviews in a row, with a 15 minute break between each one. I was surprised that I was being interviewed for a group that did higher level programming even though I have studied more low-level programming in recent years because I'm a Computer Engineering student. I think some of the other interviewees who were looking for higher level jobs were confused too, because they interviewed most of them for the operating systems track. I'm not sure if there was a mix-up or not! The interviews themselves were very engaging and the interviewers presented challenging questions. I strongly suspect that one of the people who was interviewing me was texting while I had my back turned and was talking through a problem on the whiteboard, but the rest of it went pretty well. I didn't get an offer, but I'm glad I went.
Oct 7, 2015
The onsite interview is a really good experience. I learned a lot through the interview process. Not hard. People there are really nice and friendly. They are really ready to help you and make you very comfortable.
